Congratulations on
completing this course
on detection and response!
As you've progressed,
we've covered
a wide range of
topics and tools.
Let's take a moment to
review what you've learned.
First, we began with an overview
of the incident
response lifecycle.
You learned how security
teams coordinate
their response efforts.
And you explored the documentation,
detection, and management tools
used in incident response.
Next, you learned how to monitor
and analyze network traffic.
You learned about capturing and
analyzing packets using
packets sniffers.
You also practiced using
tools like tcpdump
to capture and
analyze network data
to identify indicators
of compromise.
Then, we explored
processes and procedures
involved in the phases of
the incident
response lifecycle.
You learned about
techniques related to
incident detection and analysis.
You also learned about
documentation like
chain of custody,
playbooks, and final reports.
We ended with
exploring strategies
used for recovery and
post-incident activity.
Finally, you learned how to
interpret logs and alerts.
You explored Suricata
on the command line
to read and understand
signatures and rules.
You also used SIEM
tools like Splunk and
Chronicle to search
for events and logs.
As a security analyst,
you'll be presented with a
new challenge every day.
Whether it's
investigating evidence
or documenting your work,
you'll use what you've
learned in this course
to effectively
respond to incidents.
I'm so glad to have been on
this learning journey with you.
You've done a fantastic job
in expanding your knowledge and
learning new tools to add
to your security toolbox.
One of the things I love about
the security field
is that there's
always something new to learn.
And coming up, you'll continue
your learning journey
by exploring a programming
language called Python,
which can be used to
automate security tasks.
Keep up the great work!